well that's a perfect question I'm actually happy to answer that one you
know Milo whole notion is of you should by when you're comfortable
because this is something this is an investment that you have to live
with for the rest your life if you have the means to bar home I
think you should do so but that's also taken into consideration your
personal finances as well as the the situation within the the housing
market I purchased my first house of about three years ago almost
I was what twenty nine so Belmont thing was I didn't have the money
saved up until I was twenty nine to purchase a house but also took
into consideration you know my follow worn a duty stations what I'll
be station back in Jackson will lobby chances of me being a station
in San Diego or no full are greater than Jacksonville and you don't
plan on going back to Jacksonville why buy houses so the these are
things that you have to take into consideration when you decide to buy
a house or or when you do decide to rent I've had this conversation
with a few of my buddies who are more senior and are on the backing
of their career and some of have never owned houses and some are
in the market to purchase houses simply because it's there finishing
their career and they their families our own they're looking to settle
down in one place and stay in one place so it kind of depends on
what you want to do as a person do you want to have a vestment rental
properties or do you want to read it until you decide to retire is
it solely up to you but I personally would use the resources that
are available to me when it comes to decide to buy a home so each base
has a like a fleeting family support centers where they give housing
housing classes to help you I'll give you help you make a more informed
formative decision when it comes to buying a house also your
CMC I just seen a senior leadership now almost ninety percent sure
that you're a CEO and so has a home or owns a home for all several homes
so use the resources within your command as well as outside to
ship you make that decision